hey guys how are you so I'll be the the
leave of this progress report on the NDA
on the IBM project so in here with us
we have undress oza Paulo remarks that's
me
Pietro Jill dome English Salazar
it's Sandra and George hi George how are
you and Jim pick hygiene so don't forget
to put your name in the list of
attendees and anything that you want to
talk about in the in the intersection
that we have here - but we can see if we
want to talk about anything so - she'll
do means already volunteer to be the
note-taker of this session right - yeah
okay so okay we can move forward okay so
let's start by the round of interest and
a playlist so first on the list is
andreas Alva hey guys so I'm in the
designer the UI UX designer for the
normals project and the last spring's
can you hear me well okay I'm the last
sprint either fuel tax already
accomplished which is the deliverer of
the initial concepts for the splash or
landing page for the for the no meals
app which is something really I
available for educate the users and try
to sell the app and understand a bit
better which is the main purpose for it
so I have a demo so today to present on
the end of the of the the call which is
a low low fidelity prototype with the
with a full page scroll displaying some
of the sections that's already developed
developed our twist designer and yeah
let's see it in the end of the call I
already defined the content and the
sections more accurately with a drive
for the same landing page and another
tester already finished was
it was today actually it was did you
deliver the the mean weight hand mean
height for the profile page with the the
breakpoints and everything already
accomplished for the implementation side
regarding the edit profile model which
is a really simple flow I already
predicted the components there already
included on the style guide the style
guide which there are three of them
there's a radio button the Select box
which is a drop-down and the traitor for
how we can to display and find a user
location
regarding the profile another thing that
was a working progress and it's already
appearing on the the previous prince was
update the iconography according to the
multiple pages that we developed
previously and right now I'm working on
the landing page with more defined it
sections and next steps for me will be
the prediction study the user flow for
how can we how can a user remove an
identity study the other types for
identities which are not backed up yet
another thing to to to accomplish for
this print will be include the call to
action for the makeup identity on the
profile page it was something that we
didn't thought yet so I need to to
welcome to state this task for this
print and study the responsiveness for
the landing page maybe I don't know in
fact I can accomplish this on this print
or not but it will be yeah it's a good
scenario if I I could do that on this 15
days and yet that's my run of updates if
you have any questions
no there seems to be no questions for
Andre salsa so next on the list it's me
so during these prints I concluded
together we banned ray the item wallet
implementation of the identity scope so
basically we made an integration of the
rbtv
as our distributed database we now have
the ability to pick create import and
remove an identity we also implemented
the identity profile and integration
with rbtv so basically we are
replicating the details of profile with
rbtv
the profile is actually a schema that
are based on three main types actually
the types are person organization and
thing we also implement the identity
devices and integration with rbtv so we
have replicated all the devices that an
identity has but we are we also start
the private key in our local storage in
the for the for the device and we also
implemented the back captain
implementation so basically when we
create an identity the user might not
actually want to go through the process
of backing up its identity with a
minimum or PDF paper so that he can
print and save it for later so actually
we are storing that data in the storage
until the user back backs it up but
there will be a warning in the in the
designs or in the in the UI so that the
user is always aware that he needs to
back it up it's safer like that we also
did a little bit of research and
development of how we would implement
encrypted replication with our VTV me
and Andrew will will last like one day
or two in this task
and we figured out that the way we would
like to implement it or the right way to
implement it will take too much time
since rbtv doesn't provide us the
ability to to encrypt the messages and
we were trying to we were trying to
figure out a way to do it the safest way
possible and that alone would take us a
lot of time and we needed to risk hope
and we decided that for now as a proof
of concept purpose we are going to use
our BTB as is and later we are going to
implement those safety measures and
that's it so basically in the next
sprint we are I'm going to implement the
session scope but without signing so we
will be able to create a session
destroy' session verify that session is
valid and get one by by its ID so
basically that's it any questions for me
nope so I think we can move along better
hi everyone so what I've been doing the
past weeks I have concluded some some
adjustments on avatar component you have
a dark component as the avatar people
component has a label and that usually
says pick a photo or something like that
but previously the label was always on
bottom and now you can choose the
alignment of that label I did PR for
that you have the links in the
description if you want to check it and
I've also implemented the radio
component and that will be used in Indy
edit profile model you will see later
because I will show you a demo and I
have also done the auto complete select
component and this component is also
used in the Edit profiles and I have
also completed the button text component
this this component was used in the
creative identity user journey and and
I've also affected and finished the
journey itself the created identity in
progress
I am currently finishing the ative
profile I will open the Pearson
I am currently missing location feedback
when and whether you have an error or
not and also the world integration what
I'll be doing next is implement a
dedication prompt it's a prompt that you
will use to to authenticate with other
apps and that's it for me any question
now there seems to be no questions
thanks bye bro next on the list is Gio
diminish hey guys so keeping in charge
in the past Sprint
I finished the important entity user
journey I will be showing you
in the demo section the final state of
the process the integration is partially
then the only part that is likely is the
import step at the end that we had some
issues but in no time we'll all be fixed
effects but integrated in the meantime
I've been working on the identity
profile page and I marked as what I'll
be doing next though it's still very
connected to the identity profile page
the list devices social proof synapse in
the profile page so I'm working on both
these things at practically the same
time so that's pretty much it
if you have any questions so more
questions for you so the next one on the
list is Saturday
hello other one so I'm Andrew Cruz and
I'm mainly in the backing track so
during the last three plot screens I've
concluded the implementation of the
identities lists on the on the sell side
bar which is on the left so it just it's
it with mocks which is not currently
with the real identities it's just with
marks but I think Vidro because you
could I want to ask you something when
you do a lot your your journey that the
journey that you made could you demo the
side bar as well the identities just for
people to see the look and feel of it
okay sure
III thought I wouldn't present they
create the user the create identity but
I can do it because I did present it in
the last report call but I can do it
again that because now it's finished
yeah I mean you don't need to present
created returning just just you know
you're going to present your stuff but
you can mission there now you had the
sidebar etc just for you know just for
for us to skip this the share screen and
all of all of that that take some time
to set up yourself it's a people so I
finished the list is not yet integrated
with the with the the wallets the real
list but I'm doing that afterwards also
I helped power to implement identity
profile and devices scopes in the end
identity so now we we can define the
profile with your name your photo your
your name and so on I mean name avatar
and and an image name avatar no name
avatar and and the type of the type of
of your identity because you can be a
person or you can be an organization or
you can be other so you have that turn
and also you have the devices cope with
replication basic basically whenever you
create your identity a new device is
generated and added to that scope and
also when you import a new identity into
other devices or other devices we also
create a new a new device and edit
add that device as well to your di
development and all of that is
integrated with both the the D ID
document and also with with the
replication among among all the wallets
so as an example when whenever you
change your name all your wallet should
reflect the change the same with the
devices so I have our help
poly net and also I finished the
structuring of the nominees web app this
was a task that I mentioned last week
when I was in progress but I finish it
if you if you know you want to know more
again I put a link for you to follow
currently I'm integrating the creation
of identities with idea modes because as
as I think Jill mentioned the both the
creation and import are mock so there is
no real identities being created or
importers but we have that in the wallet
and I'm integrating it in the end up
itself so I should I should be it should
be ready in the next couple of hours I
actually wanted to conclude that for
these for this session but I couldn't
but hopefully in the next in the next
meeting I can show you the full
integration working also my next my next
tasks is to also integrate the import of
identities with the idea modes is to
also integrate the list of identities in
the sidebar with the real identities
that are stored within the wallet and
now I have two more tasks which are kind
of major which is to implement the IDM
reach the first type of IDM which which
is which is based on postmessage api so
that we can have adapt communicating
with the with a wallet via postmessage
api and so I need to work on that and
also I will start implementation of the
VM client and starting by that education
and session so that we can ended up
itself use a client file called item
client to start up a session to see if
we are logged in or locked out and if
you are not logged in we can
authenticate through the wallet and this
will raise raise a prompt asking you for
permission and whenever you accept any
session is created for debts ties
together the wallet ended up that you
get it either action so I will start
implementation of the IDM client this
will be used tasks they will probably
take more time than gentleman Sprint's
but I will start implementing in there
in this spirit so I think that so is
there any questions for me nope so I
think I think there's no questions
next is George hydras
Hey well I hope you can hear me I well
it's my first time joining the coal I
didn't do much
this prints or X print backtracked the
I'm with well we've met briefly I think
most of us but I'm with protocol at
research we will be taking on some of
the management of this relationship as
we transition into this Neil depth
grants framework and I'm here mostly to
learn more about how you guys work and
what her insight this is so well thanks
for the fantastic summaries
thanks Josh and next he is Jimmy Jim all
right just go just spying on you guys
again I'll have to cut out jump off the
half-hour mark red enjoys about cheating
with you guys doing
thanks team thank thanks for stopping by
so nice on the agenda we have some demos
the first one is the edit profile by
Peter are you write it better yeah let
me just share my screen
let me start something because there are
some people here and then I want to ask
a few questions because that way I have
in some difficulties with the way we'll
use a good fess on this on this project
so I will in the end explain some of our
challenges if you could point out some
solutions which will be nice for us to
and workers in the things that we are
blogs but I will explain that in the end
of the call I think anyway I think this
call is recorded do you post the call
recording publicly I mean it's not in
any calendar but is documented on the
with me we have a label called progress
coffee port so that you can see all the
issues of all the calls and how can you
assist how can you want also the
recording where L where L is there so in
case you want to see it it's actually on
YouTube it's on a playlist I think
called IBM but is inside the protocol
laughs I think protocol ops organization
on YouTube okay okay okay that's cool
yeah I feel like
folks from our community with the world
to participate in skull tour it was like
just join every so often so maybe I was
a send my email pointing to those to
those resources
yeah I mean we can can actually migrate
the events to your to your to your to
some calendar that you feel sweet about
for this which is created the the event
and the invited people that we wanted to
invite and people that actually
manifested interest on this project but
if you you should use a public calendar
be nice for us as well yeah okay so I
also do for myself to add it to the IP
fest community calendar which is like
where we list all the talks there calls
for happy fest but yeah sorry hey Virg
let's proceed with the demos okay so let
me know if you are seeing my screen can
you see my screen okay yeah
I know what's wrong I've clicked to
share my my screen not yet I think okay
sorry good so here on the Left we have
the the sidebar that Sandra asked me to
present you and so we have all the Game
of Thrones characters here I don't know
if they are all here because I'm not a
big game of Thrones fan but whatever so
here we have the sidebar when you click
on identity a trip obviously each
character represents an identity when
you click on the identity you are rid of
redirect to the identity page and this
button is not integrated yet because I'm
on a different branch but this is
already integrated when you click here a
model for create a new identity appears
and but this is not connected yet
because I am another branch and so what
I will show you let me just I will show
you the edit profile so here we have
just here we have and so we have here
some some info like my name nationality
and here is the drop down that I was
implementing and an open it PR and it
allows you to choose your nationality
here we have the radio components that I
also have implemented for this for this
test particularly and so you can choose
your gender and also the location we
have automatically location inspection
so you can I've currently using Lisbon
as my my previous location but I will
choose and to to detect my current
occasion I will allow I'm using the gel
location in web browser API and okay
here you can see that I'm in portal and
what I'm missing what I'm currently
missing is have here an error feedback
whether you block whether you choose to
to not allow the the present to detect
your location or something goes wrong
with the the the promise itself so this
is what I'm missing and also the the the
integration with the IDM wallet
Ezra can I make a quick question
regarding the the nationality input
field can you display the the typing
indicator such as you're typing three
letters yeah results
so if that's working right now yeah yeah
okay yeah it's working it's working so
you can write I will also have a new a
new filter because currently if what you
type let suppose hi and it will show you
all the options that have the letter hi
and it's in this is not supposed to be
like this so the ones I think neither
show they find the country yeah yeah I
need to have that filter but you can see
that it's already working and that's it
for the edit profile I don't know if you
have any question I just want to point
out that for the newcomers that that
hire you for the first time little bit
disconnected because you have a button
in the in I think in the home page that
opens this is user flow but this edit
profile will be within the profile page
which is being implemented by by geo
that's why we can you can see all the
pieces connected but hopefully in the
next in the next few few weeks we have
all of these working in connect in terms
of how the user experience is and the
user flow is
that's right I forgot to mention it
that's it yeah that's it is there any
questions for for Pedro no I just want
to mention as well that all of the
profile data is using the schema.org
models so for instance we are using the
person scimitar we are using the
organization's key monitor and also the
most basic which is the thing I think
it's called like that way type which is
when a user when the user chooses
between person organization or other
when the person uses sorry the user
chooses other it would be thing because
it's the most abstract thing to choose
okay so I think that can I stop sharing
yeah okay thanks for the part of the
presentation the next demo is what is it
okay it's Jill Jill can you let me start
it's very dusty green Thanks please Matt
let you know when you start seeing the
yeah we are we are seeing them okay this
isn't too slow because it's sharing the
screen from the large monitor sort of by
the for the 4k monitor yeah so yeah it's
kind of kind of slow in terms of the
visual feedback that we are okay sorry
about that thank you so please burning
yeah please look very likely
okay so what I'm going to show you in
this demo is the imports user journey so
as people showed you in the past call we
have that chat screen at the start for
use issues between creating a new
identity and imparting an existing
identity I have in my clip forth a
possible mnemonic of an identity that
I've created and that I want to import
let's just try like making a mistake
here and believing one of the letters in
the word
it's the drink of it if it wasn't
sharing it wouldn't be stirred drink so
much
I know if you see okay it's really slow
I'm looking at Pedro screen okay
really so I don't know if you prefer
that I share in the screen of the laptop
I just continue I don't know if it takes
like two seconds it would be nice if it
takes more than them then that I think
well let's just carry on that now
replacing the the letter that I removed
and restoring again it should go through
show the green button and the checkmark
and move on to the to the step where we
get to verify that the details of the
identity that we're importing are the
correct ones we see here the name and
the picture that we uploaded when
creating the identity so you can
continue by continuing we can decide
what with the devices and the name of
the device and this is similar to what
better showed you on the last call and
then this is the final step and as I
told you before the imports part is not
fully integrated so at this stage it
only shows you an error that supposedly
if all things go well it should tell you
that the identity was successfully
imported and you have a button in place
of this we try to close the model and go
back to the profile page so that's it
for this demo if you have any questions
yeah I will just just like to clarify
what what will happen under the hood
whenever you are importing so whenever
you're importing
you type them mnemonic and also we have
will have later on other mechanisms
besides them alumina Manik for instance
will be able to scan a QR code for you
to import your your mini Manik but after
we have the mnemonic we
deterministically generate your master
key and bye-bye and now that we have the
master key we generate a device key and
edit to the ID document by obtaining the
IP NS high part two pointing to another
document that contains that device
public key and afterwards we also set up
all the replication within the wallets
so we initiate the or the profile the
devices and and so on the parity the oil
bTW the replication so that we can
replicate the data from from other
wallets and also we will have in the
future
pinning so that even if the the wallets
are not online or connected to the
internet or even online because I can
have my phone shut out the shut off or
my desktop sheriff and all that I can
even then I can import because there are
some some one meaning the data for me
and and I think that's it's what's
happening under the hood is there any
questions for Joe
I'm more of a suggestion so I'm thinking
the suits pretty cool and given like
this the set of feature that it has a
real already I think that a cool thing
to do at the fest camp would be to
actually encourage people to create
their own nominees profile right and and
the way to do this is first to just tell
people all to go in and second to create
an incentive right like a again and so
given it we have the sci-fi here and so
for those of you that haven't told any
other communcations on my PFS camp it
has multiple formats one of them is a
sci-fi fair think about science fair but
futuristic and until you will have a
space in people roaming around and you
can have whatever you want like from
projector screens flip charts whatever
you'll be very cool to have kind of my
guy to just camp as an entity and people
creating an homage profiles and becoming
friends with IVFs camp in in and if
there was like kind of like a like I
just like a visualization I'll just like
like the friends like the friendly staff
at the first attempt is growing and
giving everyone I keep the experience
and kind of like an explanation like
what is happening oh you're creating a
key and like you when you're making
these friendship you're assigning
something interesting to the user and
that this is or you can prove that you
are both friends etc then like it gets
you a hundred and fifty users that's can
contestant contestants and can get
excited and you can ask a lot of
questions and of course essentially
contribute so I just wanted to throw
this out there as you like
one more things for you guys because I
know I mean that would be real nice and
and I think I've saw something similar
in another come first not related to
identity but was kind of a way to for
people to know that these stuff existed
and they could actually they were they
were capturing interest and kind of not
forcing but but leading the user to
subscribe to their newsletter for you
know to keep to keep the users updates
to the changes or new releases of the
product
the thing is that I'm afraid that we
have so much work to do still for the
for the ipfs camp and we still have to
do the workshop and and probably a talk
I'm afraid that we won't have time but
we can consider doing that in another in
other events it will be kind of nice in
the next event I would say I don't know
what what your thoughts are in terms of
the next the next meetings or the nice
the next conferences or what not but
maybe you can we can after June do
something like that in a another kind of
camp meeting or a conference sure it was
just like to hang out an idea and
holding the seed I know that you are
pretty busy already like if you happen
to find a time when you find a time if
you don't happen that's fine
it is just like a reminder or like using
a few guys kept as a platform to get
this more out there get more users in
mobile one thing that we will do and
Andrea will show afterwards is that
we'll have a kind of splash page - - for
you - no Nam use a bit more and in that
page will have a subscribe subscribe so
that we can put your email and then we
can deliver you updates about nominees
that's what we're going to do for now a
twist what we have points so any more
questions
No so I think we can move forward so we
are now in the questions part the
generic questions part I think that what
there's still my demo by devil yeah I
think you for list it's it's not at
least sorry
so under can you demo it with yeah
thanks
okay let me try to go through a bit for
the landing page can you see it well
okay perfect so the first section is
just a ero banner that will have a 3d
shader made with a WebGL daddy here will
be went once you move around on the on
the mouse the face will will try to
follow your movement it's just the row
factor for the for the hero and then
you'll start scrolling to see what you
can see here on the almost on the bottom
which is the vision of this project
where we present some of the of the
benefits of it and why nom use such as a
an app so there are some higher level
stuff that weight is decided and defined
it here me and alongside with with Marco
and an Andre of course yeah just please
please be aware and bear it mates since
this is just a concept it's not yet the
totally defined so if you have any
questions please go go we'll throw in
and asking yeah that's perfectly okay
here we have a banner for the the
concept where you can see this really
short description which has a CDF CDA
for the for the D table which is a link
for for the paper and everything which
is on the road such as as I said
previously of the watches IBM and what
is not in use is they are not the same
project and yeah just a demo with that
with app and then full with or yeah full
wave banner with a with a quotes for
what we think that that too is the the
the no meals and I don't interpret cool
twirl under your control and then yeah
the delete capture here the dissection
will be totally fixed on the left hand
side when you once you see just a title
in the input field for the for the
newsletter submission and then this this
animation will go through and once
you're starting with with the stamp and
it just stems the with a check mark just
animation with the SVG's next section is
just another binary for as a lead
capture for the developers that we try
to integrate or at least collaborate
with a project and then we finished with
a with a roadmap this is a draft as well
so the the topics on the left side
aren't decided it's just to look at
editors as a component and yeah that's
it for now I have any questions please
go ahead
sort of the point so the plan is to
implement is early next month
so we'll start implementing these I
think in thirds 3rd June I think and in
like 3 to 4 days we hope to conclude
implementation of this landing page and
then we we will need to deploy it on on
I profess will be using Gatsby for this
then I will wish out the infrastructure
team to to integrate with them with a
CIC D pipeline in order to paint the
website and deploy to on deploy it on
unknown user io which is the domain we
we bought for for the project ok so I
think that's it
so we can now move forward to the
questions part I think there's no more
than hopefully so I think that Andre has
some questions about the integration of
ipfs in la muse
so and I we want to reach out sure so in
brief we use ipfs for many things so
let's start with identities the first
study method that we are using is IP ID
and because of the name it's it's it's
obviously sits on top of IP FS more
specifically IP IP uses IP NS to make
your unique identifier which is the
teeth that is centralized identifier so
it's a mutable pointer which is a penis
to point to a sieve which is your latest
version of your daddy dope
and that your document contains your
device keys and and some other
information that it's not important for
the discussion but it is essentially
with that so what we are facing or in
terms of technical difficulties
difficulties that we have is that we are
we want to be what to work on the want
to work on the browser without any
extensions or plugins or whatever so we
are having difficulties in both
publishing type in s record and and
resolving the same again s echoed in
another device even if the same device
even if the original device is online
and fully connected we can't really
resolve that - record it takes for
forever until it until it times out we
are having the same problem with weed
seeds with the documents themselves so
in the browser whenever you publish them
the idea document we get to see it and
if we go into another another browser
for instance we spawn a canary version
of Chrome we can't really resolve that
self and we thought that ok maybe we can
use ipfs companion to help to help us
with that and we pointed to two external
IP FS note just for the workshop for for
people to actually be able to to
experiment with NAM use but then we
can't use the companion because the
companion stone doesn't have two
features that we use one of them is the
ability to import keys because remember
that we have the master key that we need
to import through ipfs in order to type
type in s records so it doesn't have
that but even if it if it if it was
possible to do that we can't really use
a apenas publish because it's not it
gets implemented in the companion again
so ok maybe we want to not use the
companion but maybe use a HTTP client
for for the for has to connect to the
daemon to a go demon in your machine but
then we can't really use we we ended up
eating other issues because we can
enable the purpose of topics are within
within the GSI the GS HTTP clients
because it's not yet implemented for
the browsers so we kind of yeah we need
the Purcell just to for you to know is
we need a pub self or or VTB because we
needed to so that the data is replicated
and peers can connect or see each other
and connect to a pub cell so we kind of
stuck in in this situation where we
can't really present present norm is
working fool in the browser without any
external tools the only thing that we
think might work for the workshop is to
actually build build an electron version
of nominees which should be pretty easy
because we are using web technologies
and then we use we use the GS HTTP
client pointing to a demon that is the
go version of for instance then it
should work because we can you now use
pub so we can resolve I've been a penis
records and so on so what I wanted to
ask is if there are any other ways that
we can make this work without having to
install an electron up of nominals fully
working in the browser without it
without any extensions or or any sort of
resorting to demons that must be
installed on the computers mm-hm
so I think there is a first liking you
so much for explaining multiple paths
okay I know there's like so many avenues
to explore like something I learned is
to use an IP tha's know in the browser
especially um I to know he gets the
vision be I know I just making sure to
like it's all browser-based like people
to let's install anything and like
remove a bunch of configuration setups
just like let's say we were to remove
all the options with DFS for a second
but like just just put a note there like
the pops up on the browser nowadays is
actually like it is literally just like
a patch to the client library like we we
disabled thing over the past because of
like taking called regions with go FS
but there is a reason why don't we never
late again he just like doesn't mean
then because I guess like people haven't
spoken loudly enough so sue is like just
like being Alan and or Alex order to get
that done and say it's a priority
like even if he's on your priority
because like it seems like it'll be
useful even it's just for the sake of
experimentation just just like make sure
to connect it at them like on basis
about pops up on a browser and there is
no reason why it should not work but
yeah let's say we remove all the options
we go ipfs to design and on the APNs
publishing IPS publishing is
historically like solid or like a penis
publishing uses HT the VHD we need to
resolving content it looks for the
records of a cid when it's resolving
content like if there's a hack where if
I'm looking for the older of his record
I'm also connected to nodes while I'm
going to no time setting to me my b12
won't list until I just so happened to
hit note that at the file and so I
started retrieving it didn't before
resolving the record and so it's kind of
I just II
short-circuits itself and so that's why
I like fetching data it's kind of like
reliably fast when it comes to
publishing a sign record it doesn't do
that first because like the record
doesn't go through beat swap it just
goes with Ichi and he wants to make sure
that it is grabbing enough notes to do
the publish and then also it's grabbing
enough notes to do the reading right
like when you are fetching the record
you want to fetch at least on any note
that anyone to compare all the records
that you fetched and then just use an
ancestry chain where you see oh this is
the newest one this is the one I'm going
to resolve and because you have this
rule of try to resolve from 20 notes and
because like your record probably is
unpublished you know those study notes
is hard hard to discover it takes time a
hack that that the open Bazaar people
did not like apparently works real for
them you just say like just this do
default the resolution to one note as
soon as you get like one name it's fine
and then typically actually is very fine
because unless you update these records
like every second then if you will play
them every minute or every 10 minutes or
every hour the probability like true
you're like crawling with HT if you are
going to hit the number of load
that give you like the most fresh record
is actually pretty high but this is a
values a different you keeping like
adjust these psych workup value so this
is like one option
another option is doing the publishing
of this IP NS records two pops up this
is something I know it works on on my
PFS I need to check if you happy
festival mental but I know that there
was like progress there where instead of
like publishing IPS record through the
DHT and putting it out there for the
future people to like finance you just
say I'm going to publish this record on
this topic right and like every every
member that is interested on this topic
will subscribe to the same topic and
then when I need to update the record
what I'm just going to transfer it
directly to them right so so so a direct
transfer the same way that you like you
wrote casts all the other messengers
through the website but this time like
you about publishing the record I know
that gold girl does this you need to
check for for Jess and so I mean I guess
like fourth option is or fourth option
slash question is what did the Jess team
tell you about like DC caps like it
seems like we have a very concrete user
report of like a performance that is on
meeting your requirements do they
understand the problem they do mean do
they understand the urgency
do they have an answer for you in terms
of like expectation to the Weaver the
the fix are you aware of any of this was
there any event a conversation yeah I
mean I I've talked I've spoken with
Bochco and Google about these and I know
they aren't directly in in ipfs the GS
accessed directly now but what they told
me is that they weren't expecting the
for instance a simple French of a seed
within a browser to take more than one
minutes they didn't expect that but
sometimes it takes like five minutes
sometimes it's files and they've told me
that that they know they in terms of the
infrastructure they are kind of changing
things or migrating things so that so
that the bootstrap nodes and stuff like
that are are not
as stable as they were months ago so
they pointed pointed me out that it
could be the or one of issues could be
that in terms of the IPS publishing and
and resolving they said to me that is
pretty slow and he's normal
but but it's not an issue for the
workshop because in the workshop I just
want things to work and want we have one
advantage which is it's probably people
will be in the same network right so we
can take leverage of that and
essentially work around around that by
by doing for instance you said that we
can tweak the amount of peers we receive
like a war or something so if you can
point or change that to just one it's
fine because it's for the workshop is
for people to know better the project
and know of that and later on we can
think about those problems in you know
yeah I agree
like it's fine to like just like
decisions varies on the constraints or
like I also remember like Wi-Fi is very
unreliable if we need to rig extra
routers or like yeah 4G Wi-Fi modules
like definitely make sure to account for
them but I like these these bugs like
these dependencies across projects and
across teams need to be well written
down and with all these multiple options
like with the carefulness that you
already like you're invested the time or
like exploring all these options like
put them out there in writing and ask
for teams to report back what is their
expectations all like you being able to
help you otherwise like this is going to
get to us like this is going to be just
informal conversations like completely
intractable like you know like six weeks
you'll pass and I no one will even know
that like it was a problem right
like the jsf EFS team will be able to
commit to some things right now we are
in a portion and position where there's
actually a team not just like a single
person while you're there's like four
people and and there's like these people
of the camp and so well it's like I have
made sure that like the IP NS is fast
over pub/sub that is a possibility but
it's make sure like Shady's are fast -
well like we should not go into the camp
like if you are reporting that the
cities are slow to loads that is a
problem for the entire set of
applications that exist above it just
because that is on okay until users need
to report is bugs in like if we know
this like it's like we need to report it
and of course at the multiple reasons
the infrastructure team has been kind of
like under fire because like the the
usage has been just growing dramatically
we have to scale up the network like up
multiple times like there's like things
like happening everywhere but that's why
it's important to write it down I'm kind
of like cross-linked it so that we we
have a list of dependencies and
checkboxes of like Pat one
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo a like if
there is like a thing that is like
impossible to do then we we default to
the next part and so on yeah you know
buddy I will definitely create create an
issue on gsib ipfs at least we just kind
of like go through all the options like
yesterday like that yesterday
so we'll compile that in an issue and
sees fit but yes we will compile that
list as soon as possible
so that we don't have issues in the
workshop at least if we commit to be the
strategy even if if people has to
install go demon intermissions and to
work to make things work it's okay but I
will create an issue and we'll find a
strategy for the workshop that works for
for everyone within the room yeah and
like if you just like yeah brilliant
people are installing a go demon how do
you asking them to go to another website
to open your term you know some people
might have Windows machines some people
might have like maximum you know I might
have Linux that is just like an opening
like Pandora's Box
right now and like you have a unique
thing that you can make all your chopped
working the browser
it's like benefit from them and like
probably if I were you I would just say
hey like just use Chrome right like like
hey what's up what they need is home
before coming here like or
for whatever you pick because like what
you don't want is to waste 15 minutes
running from Mato Alto and stop things
on people machines even if we go that
way we will list them in the
pre-requirements of the session so that
people actually get the demon installed
before going there but as I said we will
try not to the the fully another room
some people will be overwhelmed with
information I was even say just like
bring another machine that can spawn
like 30 nodes and then just give their
IP addresses to those notes to those
users there will be honest my local area
network like you think your
responsibility of a given node spinning
and for them is the same thing as if
there was enough money on their browser
page because they are just like
connecting to all know that is on the
local area network yeah I just sorry
anyway even our vision is just it's just
things should work without any extension
of course we want people to install
install the electron based up because
they might turn based up we can then run
a single professional we can be more
secure because extensions don't get
access to your local storage even if
it's encrypted annexation can you know
insert a key input event that tracks all
of your keyboarding inputs so they can
track your passphrase and so on so you
want we want to fully migrate or
incentivize people to install the
electron up but before installing we
want people to experiment with app and
get impressed like ok this is a real
thing so I'm not convinced and now I can
and I and I will install any night or
not because I'm already convinced about
the product that's why we feel strong
about and not having to install any
third-party stuff at least in the first
impression so yeah we need to get all of
these sorted out and when working within
the browser yeah in and again I be be
very honest I like be very direct to say
hey we evaluated like we want this and
that and I could we at least I'm lying
tommy's dollars I quite as possible
otherwise like it will be like make it
easier for our dress to brag guys
I will create an issue that issue as
soon as possible without the information
there yeah was there are more questions
now I think most of the issues were
about this for instance our BTB work out
of the box because they use the the
WebSocket star so you know they connect
to that server in order for for the
peers to know each other and so on
that works for sort of the box of course
we we want later on to to add 12 inning
and and persistency but that's enough to
thought about for after this proof of
concept but yeah for now I think the
real issues are are APNs and the
resolving of the seats but I think power
wanted to say something you know I just
wanted to point out but talking to Vasco
and after some experiments we actually
discovered that running demon of J's
ipfs and running it even of go ipfs it's
actually kind of different and we are
getting different results for example we
go demon we actually in five minutes we
had a lot of beers connected and with
J's ipfs we only get two inside our
local network and we knew that those
beers were each word as since we have
the same IDs but there's actually
something going on there so we should
actually take that into consideration
when you find those things right away
just pop an issue you say hey just
because we're not doing that it's like
what is happening and maybe to the
freaking of another issue that's fine
like they will just close your element
when you do the other one but I you
really want to get information like to
be flat very fast flowing and also to
like to help the community support yeah
I'm not saying it like by opening issues
with you I can service 100% like next
second because people are also busy but
like you are now creating like these
knowledge that is available for others
to search to find to like do their own
troubleshooting
but I think that's it in terms of of
type EFS things that we win countries
right so in terms of factions I will
create an issue as soon as possible so
all right I think that that's it for
this progress report call anyone wants
to say more more stuff about this no
come are all more questions I think
we're good
yeah whatever in mind like again I'm
jumping without a parachute here but
like any my like what what are the
multiple versions or what are you going
to deliver by Peters cam what is the
workshop in and really like account for
a number of weeks that we have left in
like the dependencies across teams and
I'd really ever come optimistic
ambitious but also better safe than
sorry approach as in like it is better
to have something that works reliable
well then having a ton of like shiny
bells and whistles that's kind of
worried sometimes because once you get
like 30 people in the room and like 75
minutes like the original time for like
debugging 101 right the the steps if you
write need to work 100% of the times and
I also ask for feedback you have people
in the community like Johnson to Yanni
crunch
they are super engage with identity
stuff ask them hey I go and try it I
break it I think this is like help us
understand like why are the things that
we are not saying that teachers will do
right so we actually had a meeting
yesterday where we define it redefine
the scope of things that will present in
the in the in the park in the workshop
and so on so we committed into a very
specific path where we defined the
things that we'll have I'm sorry for for
my phone because it's ringing
so we'll have basically we'll have the
ability to create identities important
entities set up your locker
of course with the passphrase we'll be
able to edit your profile and we'll be
able to authenticate to the apps and
hopefully if we have time to to have
twelve signing okay so having signing
with a within that's our commitment for
for the puck and in terms of the
workshop we're planning to have a very
simple small mini shot
Doug imagine you enter in a room where
you can write something write messages
and we will provide a notification step
by step guide for you to add
authentication to to that top and once
you have authentication so you are you
are now logged in you can now write
messages and sign sign those messages
with with your with IBM clients and then
we can verify that those signatures
within the messages so imagine like you
have a check mark after that that
message saying hey this was verified and
if the the scienter failed it will show
you like a cross mark saying that if the
signage is not correct that's our it's
our kind of workshop content that we are
planning I don't know your thoughts
about it but I think that that will be a
nice and simple Doug to do because we
all have you already have pub/sub in
order to do the shots and also the
messages are can it's kind of simple we
just have an author and the other
content which is plain text so it's kind
of easy and there will be no persistency
so if you left the shot and enter again
you'll never see the old messages to not
complicate things just for people to
know how to have IBM IBM sign on and
sign me to you two of them yeah there's
some good again I have snack workshop so
my guys before like he's always like you
know it is very good like wow it says
written down to like heaven like explain
like why these steps are important in
the first place I could why do I need to
care about like signing messages like
what is proper what this does this
property gives me how could I map the
too bad that I build normally and and
also given their like again like this oh
really think about like posts I can't
pass well like how to repackage that
into either series of blog posts that
you can publish have any Moxie ball or
IP best for both videos that you can
record just I can't reduce the whole
concept and like the work you like get
into and I'll see you like I will other
ipfs meetups like run your workshop like
how will they be able to grab like group
of 20 people and I go in a session
without having to you to dial and like
what is information needs to be there
maybe it's a recording of you giving the
presentation maybe I don't know like
just like think about like all those
follow-ups because they will make the
original product also better more
understandable
all right we'll probably have all the
content in get-ups just like the to do
workshop where people can follow up so
even if someone wants to give a similar
workshop they'll have a step-by-step
guides for the effort for the speaker or
the presenter to follow through and also
probably if someone wants to wants to
host a similar workshop we can provide
the step by step like shake mark shake
check these before running the workshop
like going to the network within the
place that we're going to give the
workshop and just stuff with at least
five people sound like that because
things might might break at least at
this phase where we're having problems
with the the worldwide connection of
Agra Fest reading the browser itself you
can ask George to be a guinea pig yes
you'll have to to buy my flight ticket
tonight you have to take care of that
yeah like it's so far worst case like if
you don't buy it and if they're all sold
out we can always write okay I need to
get out but yeah this is a good chat
great progress
I'll check the repos or some other guys
yeah yeah so I think we can rev it up so
thanks guys for coming back and hope to
see you in the next progress report Cole